README.md, before:

# homebridge-skybell

SkyBell HD Wi-Fi video doorbell plugin for [Homebridge](https://github.com/nfarina/homebridge).

SkyBell is a trademark owned by [SkyBell Technologies, Inc](http://www.skybell.com/).

## Installation

1. Install [FFmpeg](https://www.ffmpeg.org/) using: `sudo apt-get install ffmpeg`
1. Install this plugin using: `npm install -g homebridge-skybell`
1. Edit `config.json` and add the SkyBell platform (see example below).
1. Run [Homebridge](https://github.com/nfarina/homebridge).
1. Add extra camera accessories using the Home app:
   1. Click on the **+** (in the top-right corner of the screen) and select *Add Accessory*.
   1. Select *Don't Have a Code or Can't Scan?*.
   1. Select the SkyBell HD camera accessory to be added.
   1. Ignore the warning about it being an *Uncertified Accessory* (which applies to all non-commercial accessories) and select *Add Anyway*.
   1. Enter the 8-digit setup code that Homebridge displayed when launched (possibly configured via a `pin` value in `config.json`).
   1. Select a single room for the camera and motion sensors (but not the Default Room).
 
### Config.json Example
```JSON
{
    "platforms":
    [{
        "platform":     "SkyBell",
        "username":     "skybell@gmail.com",
        "password":     "Passw0rd!"
    }]
}
```
The `username` (email address) and `password` are the ones used to log into the SkyBell HD app.

HomeKit accessories will be created automatically for all SkyBell HD (and SkyBell Trim Plus) doorbells associated with the account.

## Notes

### Doorbell Service

Apple's Home app (as of iOS 11) does not support *Doorbell* services; their characteristics cannot be viewed or controlled, and they cannot be used as automation triggers. Only the *Motion Sensor* and *Camera RTP Stream Management* services of Doorbell accessories can be accessed.

For full functionality use one of:
* Matthias Hochgatterer's [Home](http://hochgatterer.me/home/) app (recommended).
* Elgato's [Eve](https://www.elgato.com/en/eve/eve-app) app (free).

### SkyBell API

SkyBell Technologies only share API details with selected third parties as part of their [SkyBell Connect API](http://www.skybell.com/skybell-connect/) program. This plugin instead uses the undocumented SkyBell cloud API used by their SkyBell HD app, but without the benefit of access to the Apple Push Notification service (APNs).

Thank you to Wil Schrader for [reverse engineering](https://github.com/MisterWil/skybellpy) the protocol.

### Button and Motion Events

Button presses and motion events are detected by polling the SkyBell cloud for new video recordings being available. This typically results in a delay of several minutes between the event occurring and HomeKit being notified (and hence any automation being triggered).

The SkyBell cloud servers appear to be very heavily loaded. They typically take a few seconds to respond to each API request. This plugin leaves 5 seconds between polling the activity log.

Apple's Home app can generate rich notifications (with a snapshot image from the camera) when *Motion Sensor* triggers occur (and not in the Default Room). To enable these to be generated for button presses this plugin publishes two *Motion Sensor* services; one for motion events and the other for button presses. Button presses generate both the *Stateless Programmable Switch* and *Motion Detected* events.

### Video and Audio Streams
 
Viewing the live video stream from a SkyBell via HomeKit results in an *On demand* video being recorded, just as it does with the official SkyBell HD app.

For some reason the SkyBell cloud terminates the live video stream after approximately 45 seconds when viewed via HomeKit (instead of 5 minutes with the official SkyBell HD app). It is not obvious why this occurs.

This plugin currently only supports audio in a single direction: from the SkyBell's microphone to HomeKit. 

## License

> ISC License (ISC)<br>Copyright © 2017 Alexander Thoukydides
>
>Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
>
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Removed unnecessary second Motion Sensor. Apple's Home app generates notifications from the Doorbell service's ProgrammableSwitchEvent even though it does not show the Doorbell service.

README.md, after:

# homebridge-skybell

SkyBell HD Wi-Fi video doorbell plugin for [Homebridge](https://github.com/nfarina/homebridge).

SkyBell is a trademark owned by [SkyBell Technologies, Inc](http://www.skybell.com/).

## Installation

1. Install [FFmpeg](https://www.ffmpeg.org/) using: `sudo apt-get install ffmpeg`
1. Install this plugin using: `npm install -g homebridge-skybell`
1. Edit `config.json` and add the SkyBell platform (see example below).
1. Run [Homebridge](https://github.com/nfarina/homebridge).
1. Add extra camera accessories using the Home app:
   1. Click on the **+** (in the top-right corner of the screen) and select *Add Accessory*.
   1. Select *Don't Have a Code or Can't Scan?*.
   1. Select the SkyBell HD camera accessory to be added.
   1. Ignore the warning about it being an *Uncertified Accessory* (which applies to all non-commercial accessories) and select *Add Anyway*.
   1. Enter the 8-digit setup code that Homebridge displayed when launched (possibly configured via a `pin` value in `config.json`).
   1. Select a single room for the camera and motion sensor (but not the Default Room).
 
### Config.json Example
```JSON
{
    "platforms":
    [{
        "platform":     "SkyBell",
        "username":     "skybell@gmail.com",
        "password":     "Passw0rd!"
    }]
}
```
The `username` (email address) and `password` are the ones used to log into the SkyBell HD app.

HomeKit accessories will be created automatically for all SkyBell HD (and SkyBell Trim Plus) doorbells associated with the account.

## Notes

### SkyBell API

SkyBell Technologies only share API details with selected third parties as part of their [SkyBell Connect API](http://www.skybell.com/skybell-connect/) program. This plugin instead uses the undocumented SkyBell cloud API used by their SkyBell HD app, but without the benefit of access to the Apple Push Notification service (APNs).

Thank you to Wil Schrader for [reverse engineering](https://github.com/MisterWil/skybellpy) the SkyBell cloud protocol.

### Button and Motion Events

Button presses and motion events are detected by polling the SkyBell cloud for new video recordings being available. This typically results in a delay of several minutes between the event occurring and HomeKit being notified (and hence any automation being triggered). However, this is still typically quicker than the SkyBell IFTTT channel.

The SkyBell cloud servers appear to be very heavily loaded. They typically take a few seconds to respond to each API request. This plugin leaves 5 seconds between successive polls of the activity log.

### Apple Home App

Apple's Home app (as of iOS 11) does not display *Doorbell* services; their characteristics cannot be viewed or controlled. For full functionality use one of:
* Matthias Hochgatterer's [Home](http://hochgatterer.me/home/) app (recommended).
* Elgato's [Eve](https://www.elgato.com/en/eve/eve-app) app (free).

However, Apple's Home app can generate rich notifications for both doorbell button presses and motion events. These appear with a small snapshot image from the camera. A larger image and live video stream can be viewed by sliding the notification left and pressing View.

### Video and Audio Streams
 
Viewing the live video stream from a SkyBell via HomeKit results in an *On demand* video being recorded, just as it does with the official SkyBell HD app.

For some reason the SkyBell cloud terminates the live video stream after approximately 45 seconds when viewed via HomeKit (instead of 5 minutes with the official SkyBell HD app). It is not obvious why this occurs.

This plugin currently only supports audio in a single direction: from the SkyBell's microphone to HomeKit. This is because the audio streams in each direction use the same ports, but unfortunately FFmpeg (which is used by this plugin to transcode the audio and video) does not support sharing a single port in this way for SRTP streams.

## License

> ISC License (ISC)<br>Copyright © 2017 Alexander Thoukydides
>
>Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
>
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
